Hello, all.
Welcome back.
This module is on multimedia technologies.
We will look at how we have been able
to leverage the tools developed for
wise communication in the previous
course for audio, image,
video services, and perhaps going
forward for other novel services.
We have two lessons in this module.
The first lesson looks at various
signal processing tools for
multimedia signal processing.
I will try to generalize the tools for
multiple types of signals
as much as possible.
I will sacrifice the technical
nuisances in some places as I
really want to convey the spirit
of processing, so that they can
extend these tricks to other kinds of
signals that we will see in the IOT space.
In the second lesson, I will present
a novel camera sensor that we came across,
and the work that we have been leveraging,
the signal processing tools,
to use this camera in
health care applications.
In this case the example is assessing for
fall risks in the aging population.